README.md, before:


All credit to Los Gordos at [BlokkFont](http://www.blokkfont.com/)


This Repo exists because the certificate at the official site has expired, and https links no longer get served securely. This makes it impossible to use the font in [CodePen](https://www.codepen.io), as they have recently switched from HTTP/HTTPS to HTTPS.

![blokkfont](https://cdn.dribbble.com/users/399116/screenshots/1305003/mockup_1x.png)

## Usage

#### Include it in your project

you can use either `blokkfont.css` for the rawgit links or use `blokkfont_original.css` for including the font straight from [BlokkFont](http://www.blokkfont.com/), the base URL is the same. Be aware that `blokkfont_original.css` does not serve as HTTPS.
```
<link href="https://gitcdn.xyz/repo/octoshrimpy/blokkfont/master/blokkfont.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css">
```
```
<link href="https://gitcdn.xyz/repo/octoshrimpy/blokkfont/master/blokkfont_original.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css">
```



```
@import url("https://gitcdn.xyz/repo/octoshrimpy/blokkfont/master/blokkfont.css");
```
```
@import url("https://gitcdn.xyz/repo/octoshrimpy/blokkfont/master/blokkfont_original.css");
```


#### Use it!
```
font-family: "BLOKK";
```


## Download it from [BlokkFont](http://www.blokkfont.com/)

[Download](https://blokkfont-losgordos.netdna-ssl.com/v2/BLOKKNeue-Regular.zip)
or [go to official download page](http://www.blokkfont.com/) (scroll down a bit)

Commit message:

Updates css and README to include modifier classes

README.md, after:


All credit to Los Gordos at [BlokkFont](http://www.blokkfont.com/)


This Repo exists because the certificate at the official site has expired, and https links no longer get served securely. This makes it impossible to use the font in [CodePen](https://www.codepen.io), as they have recently switched from HTTP/HTTPS to HTTPS.

![blokkfont](https://cdn.dribbble.com/users/399116/screenshots/1305003/mockup_1x.png)

## Usage

#### Include it in your project

you can use either `blokkfont.css` for the rawgit links or use `blokkfont_original.css` for including the font straight from [BlokkFont](http://www.blokkfont.com/), the base URL is the same. Be aware that `blokkfont_original.css` does not serve as HTTPS.
```
<link href="https://gitcdn.xyz/repo/octoshrimpy/blokkfont/master/blokkfont.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css">
```
```
<link href="https://gitcdn.xyz/repo/octoshrimpy/blokkfont/master/blokkfont_original.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css">
```



```
@import url("https://gitcdn.xyz/repo/octoshrimpy/blokkfont/master/blokkfont.css");
```
```
@import url("https://gitcdn.xyz/repo/octoshrimpy/blokkfont/master/blokkfont_original.css");
```


#### Use it!
```
font-family: "BLOKK";
```

You can also use the `.is-blokk` class modifier to selectively turn specific elements and their children into BLOKK text.
Alternatively, you can use `.reset-blokk` class modifier on a child of `.is-blokk` to turn it into regular text again.


## Download it from [BlokkFont](http://www.blokkfont.com/)

[Download](https://blokkfont-losgordos.netdna-ssl.com/v2/BLOKKNeue-Regular.zip)
or [go to official download page](http://www.blokkfont.com/) (scroll down a bit)
